merge baseurl and pattern for scraper clients (#7077) (#7227)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/topic_guide/scraper_migration.rst

.. _sunpy-topic-guide-scraper-migration:

************************************************************

> Migrating to the new Scraper pattern system in ``sunpy`` 6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating to the new Scraper pattern system in ``sunpy`` 6.1
```

************************************************************

> The `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper` has undergone a major change in the sunpy 6.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper` has undergone a major change in the sunpy 6.1 release.
```

The old pattern system was regex-based, while the new pattern system is based on the `parse <https://github.com/r1chardj0n3s/parse/>`__

> We hope that the new pattern system is more flexible and easier to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope this new system will be more flexible and easier to use.
```

`The readme of parse library provides a good overview of the syntax. <https://github.com/r1chardj0n3s/parse/#format-syntax>`__

How to migrate
==============

Previously, when defining a new Fido client or working with the `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper`, a regex-based ``baseurl`` and a parse-styled ``pattern`` attributes were required.
The new pattern system requires a single pattern string that covers the entire URL, a combination of the ``baseurl`` and ``pattern`` attributes from before.
This pattern string has to be passed as a ``format`` keyword to the `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper`.
During the deprecation period, the old ``pattern`` argument will still be accepted, but it is recommended to switch to the new pattern system.

Writing the new pattern
-----------------------

1. The new pattern covers the entire URL from the protocol, domain to the filename.
2. Instead of conveying time or numerical information in the URL in a datetime or regex format, it is now done in the `parse <https://github.com/r1chardj0n3s/parse/#format-syntax>`__ format.
   E.g., a ``"%Y"`` is now to be replaced with ``{{year:4d}}``.

>    For a full list of the new keywords corresponding to datetime format, the supported time keys (to be used within ``{{}}``) are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The keywords corresponding to the datetime format (the supported time keys - to be used within ``{{}}``) are:
```

   * 'year:4d'
   * 'year:2d'
   * 'month:2d'
   * 'month_name:l'
   * 'month_name_abbr:l'
   * 'day:2d'
   * 'day_of_year:3d'
   * 'hour:2d'
   * 'minute:2d'
   * 'second:2d'
   * 'microsecond:6d'
   * 'millisecond:3d'
   * 'week_number:2d'

3. The metadata attributes for extraction are written within double curly-braces ``{{}}`` for eg. ``{{ADAPTRealizations:3d}}``.

> 4. Single curly-braces ``{}`` are used in case of regular placeholders for Python format strings, each respective value being passed as ``kwargs`` to the `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Single curly-braces ``{}`` are used in case of regular placeholders for Python format strings, with their respective values being passed as ``kwargs`` to `~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper`.
```
